welcome.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

title: Welcome
layout: home
---

<!-- https://stackoverflow.com/a/56389504 -->
<script>
    if(sessionStorage.getItem('showAlert') != "false"){
        alert("WARNING! Adult Language and Content! The following is intended for 
immature adults only. Viewer Discretion is Advised.");
        sessionStorage.setItem('showAlert', "false");
    }
</script>

![Locktober pumpkin logo](/assets/img/2020/Locktober_logo_pumpkin.png)

Locktober.Art - The Art of Locking is site inspired and around Locktober event, taking part every year in October. During this event males are voluntarily getting locked into male chastity for period of month. This is time for sexual rediscovery for couples and creativity.

You may like to explore:

* [What is locktober?](/locktober.html)
* [Links to forums](resources/links/forums.html)
* [Merchandise and other gadgets on Etsy.com](https://www.etsy.com/shop/locktober) - wear proudly and support our site :)
* [Graphics assets](/graphics_assets.html) - so you can create your own: calendars, signs, cards, tshirts... etc.

This is early version and anyway project will be done in spare moments, so please be mindful of bugs and unpolish.

Below blog posts:

Commit message:

+= NOvember + De(nied)cember + that it's generally around concensual chastity

welcome.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

title: Welcome
layout: home
---

<!-- https://stackoverflow.com/a/56389504 -->
<script>
    if(sessionStorage.getItem('showAlert') != "false"){
        alert("WARNING! Adult Language and Content! The following is intended for 
immature adults only. Viewer Discretion is Advised.");
        sessionStorage.setItem('showAlert', "false");
    }
</script>

![Locktober pumpkin logo](/assets/img/2020/Locktober_logo_pumpkin.png)

Locktober.Art - The Art of Locking is site inspired and around Locktober event dedicated to practice of consensual use of chastity devices.

Event that inspired this page - Locktober - is taking part every year in October. During this event males are voluntarily getting locked into male chastity for period of month. This is time for sexual rediscovery for couples and creativity.

There are also other events like NOvember or De(nied)cember. Regardless, you can make any month or quarter, or any period of time - e.g. permanent lifestyle - your own chastity time.

Site is to help collect links, resources for enthusiasts.

You may like to explore:

* [What is locktober?](/locktober.html)
* [Links to forums](resources/links/forums.html)
* [Merchandise and other gadgets on Etsy.com](https://www.etsy.com/shop/locktober) - wear proudly and support our site :)
* [Graphics assets](/graphics_assets.html) - so you can create your own: calendars, signs, cards, tshirts... etc.

This is early version and anyway project will be done in spare moments, so please be mindful of bugs and unpolish.

Below blog posts:
